10.18.0.179 (#301)
SoftwareAG/c8y-releasenotes: content/release-10-18-0/applications-10-18-0.md

<td>UI</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Web SDK</td>

> <td>In the data explorer, when deleting the min/max value of a data point, the Y-axis displayed "-1" and "1" instead of determining the maximum and minimum value based on the data. This has been fixed and the Y-axis shows the min/max value of the data again.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<td>In the data explorer, when deleting the minimum or maximum value of a data point, the Y-axis displayed "-1" and "1" instead of determining the maximum and minimum value based on the data. This has been fixed and the Y-axis shows the minimum and maximum values of the data again.</td>
```
